Now as usual with travel we can just generate a new mark down my level using the same command as we
did for our previous Malabo class.
So this is speech B artisan make male so our previous class was called comment posted.
So let's call that comment.
Post that markdown just to differentiate it somehow.
Now additionally you can add a markdown parameter which would also generate our view for us.
So let's call it Mark.
Let's call it e-mails dot posts dot comment that mark down.
So now this is created.
Let's first check out the class.
So this class will also extend their main level base class it by default has a constructor generated
and then there is also the built method.
So if you compare that to our comment posted class this is basically no different.
The mark down also has a build method and then it also tries to render something.
But here we call the view method inside our normal may level.
So we just to render some HDR mail from our template and inside there mark down my level you will use
the markdown method to also compile any markdown that might be inside those templates.
So that's the only difference from the class perspective and other than that you can use all the methods
that you have used here in comment post that so you can change the subject attach some files or specify
from whom this email was sent.
So now we know that markdown may class is basically the same as the normal mail class with one exception
that to render the actual contents of the email.
We use the markdown method instead of The View method on a normal may label class.
So let's now check out this template that was generated together with this markdown may level class.
It's common that markdown blade BHP.
Here you can immediately notice what I've mentioned inside the first lecture from the section that this
we will be using some pre-built lateral blade components specifically for rendering the markdown so
if you will take a look at this diagram I've mentioned this at the very beginning that Lovell has a
set of reusable blade components and they are actually part of la vela so you you might see that we
haven't really created them yet.
They are available to us so we can also customize those components and to customize them.
You will have to publish them first.
Now let's stop for a second and explain what publishing is.
So by default as I have said those components are part of Lavell so they exist inside the vendor directory
and are basically part of lateral library.
So if you use them they will just have the default look.
Now if you would like to customize them you have to run a specific command.
So let's run it now BHP artisan vendor publish and you have to add a tag option and use the proper tag
which is Lavell mail.
Now what this did is it copied the directory from the vendor where the larval framework is to your application
views.
So now you can see that there is new folder inside the resources views and it is called vendor.
Now as I've said those templates from the vendor library were copied inside our application to the resources
views vendor mail and then we have two directories the HDMI mail and markdown.
So whatever it is inside HD AML will be used to render HDMI out email but this will also send along
a plain text version.
So for example let's see an example we are using a button here and this is the default slot which will
just this play some text on the bottom.
So first let's check out how does it look like inside markdown which is markdown folder which is supposed
to send a plain text.
So what you can see here is basically a slot which will be this button text and a new URL.
So this is trying to achieve something in the plain text.
Now the other representation is basically HDMI.
So you see some pre build syntax.
There is some HDMI all and then there is also a slot and the URL and actually a call or this is another
attribute.
You can specify it's using the bootstrap styling and everything.
You can also configure we'll get to that later.
Now let's see another example.
So there is the table component which well in this case where we will be sending plaintext will just
output whatever there is because tables are not supported in plaintext at all but actually the corresponding
HDMI component contains a diff class.
We have a table so this is using some HDMI all already but then it will also use this markdown class
which will pass and convert the markdown that was used inside this component and convert it to the H
the AML.
So let's see an example.
So here on this markdown cheat sheet you see an example of how to define our table inside.
Well using the markdown syntax.
So this will be printed as it is in plaintext.
But in h the email this would actually be converted to a normal h the AML table tax and will basically
be properly styled so if you are feeling really confused at this moment.
Now it's time to actually test it out and see how that works.
So inside our template let's write something like hello from mark down.
Now we will also have to check how we actually send this email inside the post comment controller because
currently we are using the comment posted.
So we have to use comment post that mark down.
Now it doesn't accept any arguments yet.
So don't worry about that mind that you have to add an import here.
OK.
Now let's save the changes.
Let's go to the document and write something down like Hello.
Something that is valid and would actually send this email.
Now let's refresh our mail drop inbox and what you see here is what I talked about.
So in this view in HDMI view we see a beautifully rendered HDMI all and this CEO says that is part of
this e-mail that was sent is also configurable.
It's part of the HP e-mail folder where we have our HDMI out templates but what you can also see inside
this text box is basically a plain text version of the same email.
So this comes directly from the markdown directory.
Those are just some versions of this component that will just render plain text for clients that do
not support HD AML or it is disabled in them.
And hero you can see all the components that we have used.
So there is the button there is the text and there is even this hello message.
Now let's also take a look out on how this was actually composed so you can see that what is being used
here is everything is wrapped inside the mail message component so if you will open that you can see
that this actually is wrapped also inside may layout.
So this is just using the mail layout component which contains plenty of HD AML some additional styles
to make those e-mails responsive.
Then everything from the slot is bank passed us mark down and rendered.
So those components actually use each other at least some of them for example inside the message.
You also have their slot for the few footer you are using the footer component which is inside the footer
blade BHP and the corresponding components from the markdown folder basically are structured similarly
early but they will only render the plain text so in this lecture we've learned how those markdown may
levels working general how to customize them where all those fires are how to use them.
But in the next one will actually modified this template we'll use some components and you will also
see how you can customize the styles and everything regarding the markdown may label classes.